Make ignored users in User Operator configurable (#11711)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/con-ignoring-some-users-in-user-operator.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-using-the-user-operator.adoc

[id='con-ignoring-some-users-in-user-operator-{context}']

> = Ignoring some users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Ignoring specific users
```

> In some scenarios, it might be useful to have the User Operator ignore the ACLs, Quotas or SCRAM-SHA credentials for specific users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some scenarios, you might want to exclude certain users from being managed by the User Operator.
```

> This might include _special_ built-in users such as `ANONYMOUS` or `*`.
> Or some internal users whose ACLs, Quotas or SCRAM-SHA credentials are managed through different mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful for the following types of users:

* Special built-in users (for example, `ANONYMOUS` or `*`)
* Internal users managed by other mechanisms

When you exclude users from being managed, the User Operator ignores their:

* ACLs
* Quotas
* SCRAM-SHA credentials
```

> The environment variable `STRIMZI_IGNORED_USERS_PATTERN` in your User Operator deployment can be used specify a regular expression pattern that defines which users would be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define which users should be ignored, set the `STRIMZI_IGNORED_USERS_PATTERN` environment variable with a regular expression.
```

> For example, to set it to ignore the `ANONYMOUS` or `\*` users, set it to `^\*|ANONYMOUS$`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to ignore `ANONYMOUS` or `\*` users, set it to `^\*|ANONYMOUS$`.
```

> You can set the environment variable in your `Kafka` custom resource (`.spec.teplate.entityOperator.userOperatorContainer.env`) or in the `Deployment` resource of your standalone User Operator.
> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the environment variable in your `Kafka` custom resource (`.spec.teplate.entityOperator.userOperatorContainer.env`) or in the `Deployment` resource of your standalone User Operator.
```

> .Example configuration of the `STRIMZI_IGNORED_USERS_PATTERN` environment variable in the `Kafka` custom resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example `Kafka` configuration excluding users
```

[source,yaml,subs=+attributes]
----
apiVersion: {KafkaApiVersion}
kind: Kafka
metadata:
  # ...
spec:
  #...
  entityOperator:
    template:
      userOperatorContainer:
        env:
          - name: STRIMZI_IGNORED_USERS_PATTERN
            value: "^\\*|ANONYMOUS$" # Double \ needed for escaping
  #...
----

> .Example configuration of the `STRIMZI_IGNORED_USERS_PATTERN` environment variable in the standalone User Operator deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example standalone `Deployment` configuration excluding users
```
